      End User License Agreement for Advanced Grapher

IMPORTANT READ CAREFULLY:
This End-User License Agreement (EULA) is a legal agreement
between you (either an individual or a single entity) and THE
AUTHOR for the software product identified above, which
includes computer software and may include online or
electronic documentation (SOFTWARE PRODUCT or SOFTWARE). By
installing, copying, or otherwise using the SOFTWARE PRODUCT,
you agree to be bound by the terms of this EULA. If you do not
agree to the terms of this Agreement, you are not authorized
to use the SOFTWARE PRODUCT.

Copyright laws and international copyright treaties, as well
as other intellectual property laws and treaties protect the
SOFTWARE PRODUCT. The SOFTWARE PRODUCT is licensed, not sold.

GRANT OF LICENSE
This EULA grants you the following rights:

USE AND COPY
One licensed copy of the SOFTWARE PRODUCT may either be
used by a single person who uses the software personally on
one or more computers, or installed on a single workstation
used non-simultaneously by multiple people, but not both (or
as outlined by multiuser licensing restrictions). You may
make other copies of the SOFTWARE PRODUCT for backup and
archival purposes only.

RESTRICTIONS
Trial versions of the SOFTWARE PRODUCT may be used for a
period of not more than 30 days. After 30 days, you must
either stop using the SOFTWARE PRODUCT, or purchase a legal
license and obtain your license key.

You must maintain all copyright notices on all copies of the
SOFTWARE PRODUCT.

You may not sell copies of the SOFTWARE PRODUCT to third
parties without express written consent of THE AUTHOR and
under THE AUTHOR's instruction.

EVALUATION copies may be distributed freely without charge so
long as the SOFTWARE PRODUCT remains whole including but not
limited to existing copyright notices, installation and setup
utilities, help files, licensing agreements, run-time
libraries, etc. and DOES NOT CONTAIN either valid serial
numbers, illegal serial numbers, or any other serial number
not issued by the AUTHOR and or its authorized
representatives. In executing such an act, or similar
copyright or license violation, to the maximum extent
permitted by applicable law you may be held liable for loss of
revenue to THE AUTHOR or THE AUTHOR's representatives due to
loss of sales or devaluation the SOFTWARE PRODUCT or both.

You may not reverse engineer, decompile, or disassemble the
SOFTWARE PRODUCT, except and only to the extent that such
activity is expressly permitted by applicable law
notwithstanding this limitation.

You may not rent or lease the SOFTWARE PRODUCT without the
express written consent of THE AUTHOR.

You may permanently transfer all of your rights under this
EULA only in conjunction with a permanent transfer of your
validly licensed copy of the product(s) including the
validation and license key information.

You must comply with all applicable laws regarding the use of
the SOFTWARE PRODUCT.

TERMINATION
THE AUTHOR may terminate this EULA if you fail to comply with
the terms and conditions of this EULA. In such event, you must
destroy all copies of the SOFTWARE PRODUCT including license
keys and ID information.

COPYRIGHT
All title and copyrights and intellectual property rights in
and to the SOFTWARE PRODUCT and any copies thereof are owned
by THE AUTHOR.

LICENSE KEY COPYRIGHT NOTICE
The license key received and used to deactivate the time
limiting trial period of this SOFTWARE PRODUCT is NOT public
and maintains full Copyright status. Any public display or
public transfer of this key will be considered a direct and
intentional violation of this EULA and to the maximum extent
permitted by applicable law you may be held liable for loss of
revenue to THE AUTHOR or THE AUTHOR's representatives due to
loss of sales or devaluation the SOFTWARE PRODUCT or both as
well as criminal fines for copyright infringement.

NO WARRANTY
ANY USE OF THE SOFTWARE PRODUCT IS AT YOUR OWN RISK. TO THE
MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, THE AUTHOR
DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES AND CONDITIONS, EITHER EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, AND
NONINFRINGEMENT.

TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, IN NO EVENT
SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL,
INDIRECT, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES WHATSOEVER (INCLUDING,
WITHOUT LIMITATION, DAMAGES FOR LOSS OF BUSINESS PROFITS,
BUSINESS INTERRUPTION, LOSS OF BUSINESS INFORMATION, OR ANY
OTHER PECUNIARY LOSS) ARISING OUT OF THE USE OF OR INABILITY
TO USE THE SOFTWARE PRODUCT, EVEN IF THE AUTHOR HAS BEEN
ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. BECAUSE SOME
JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OR LIMITATION OF
LIABILITY FOR CONSEQUENTIAL OR INCIDENTAL DAMAGES, THE ABOVE
LIMITATION MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU.

MISCELLANEOUS
Should you have any questions concerning this EULA, or if you
desire to contact THE AUTHOR for any reason, please send
E-Mail to: support@alentum.com.


Copyright (c) 1998-2009 Alentum Software, Inc.
All Rights Reserved
 